.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2017, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_HTTP_OPTIONS 3 "17 Jun 2014" "libcurl 7.37.0" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_HTTP_OPTIONS \- send a HTTP OPTIONS request
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_HTTP_OPTIONS, value);
.SH DESCRIPTION
Send a HTTP OPTIONS request to the server according to the set
\fIvalue\fP. All other values are reserved for the future.

.IP CURL_OPTIONS_ASTERISK (2)
When this value is set, an "OPTIONS *" request is sent to the server.
.IP CURL_OPTIONS_PATH (1)
When this value is set, an "OPTIONS [path]" request is sent to the server with
the path as given in the URL with \fICURLOPT_URL(3)\fP.
.SH DEFAULT
none
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTP
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_URL, "http://example.com");

  /* issue an OPTIONS * request */
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_HTTP_OPTIONS, CURL_OPTIONS_ASTERISK);

  /* Perform the request */
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.55.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_CUSTOMREQUEST "(3), " CURLOPT_HTTPGET "(3), "
